OK so let's start building the list of artists.
Now this list could be a different component.
And again it's just going to receive some data begin to fetch the list of artists from the API.
Right here in the home component.
And we can pass the list of artists to that child components.
So that component could be a functional component.
Now whenever we fetched information we want to set it into the state so we can pass it as props.
So I'm going to go right here at the top and I'm going to start a constructor we're going to say constructor
constructor.
There you go.
And then open and close and begin to use super you know so we can use this state and we're going to
be passing props.
Right now we're going to make a request to you Earl.
We're going to begin to have all the artists if you remember the Ural.
I'm going to go to you right here to the terminal.
If you go to the second powerful the list is going to be stored in local host three thousand in my case.
And then artists.
So I'm just going to copy all of those close the terminal and I'm going to create a viral that is going
to host this Eurail.
OK.
So I'm going to go right here.
Say Konst and then you are all artists.
And to make it plural.
OK.
I'm going to paste it right here.
So whenever we call this viral we're going to make a fetch to this URL.
OK.
So now we can.
After we do the fetch we can store everything in the state.
So I'm just going to create a state it's going to be this this data state.
He calls to an object and we're going to create a key right here and it's going to be artists
there you go.
And at first when the application LOTES this artist state is going to be empty you can just add information
after everything renders OK that's fine.
So everything looks good.
Let's go to the project to the components.
I create a Vanner I'm sorry an artist list component for this.
And to create a new file.
It's going to be artists list that makes sense right.
I'm going to go to the artist list and I'm just going to create some component for this one.
Just meant that Nicklaus's begin to import re-act from Briac just going to copy this and paste it right
here.
This is going to be a stateless component.
We don't need to bring components just like that just bring react.
And now we're going to start creating Konst and we create an artist list.
Let's make it plural list.
This is equal to something.
And then we just open and close.
OK.
That's good.
So now this list is going to receive some data from home and we're going to do it in a minute.
I'm going to put the argument right here and we can just pass some prompts.
Now whenever we receive prompts we're going to render the list.
So right here just to just we're just saying I'm going to say cancel that log.
And then prompts right to make sure that are getting the information correctly and I going to make this
of this component available and other components.
So I'm going to say export the default default and then artists list.
There we go.
I'm going to go right here at the top.
And what we need to do we need to import that.
So I'm going to say import and then it's going to be artists list.
Let me just copy from here.
There we go and it's going to be from.
And then it's going to be a dot for Slash and then artists list.
So this components it's ready to be used right here and I'm going to go right here and just make a reference
to that component so we can show it.
It's going to say artist list and pleural artist list and we're just going to open close.
Now what we need to do and react element or no that's fine.
The thing is that we're not returning anything which is doing Council lock.
OK so now what we need to do we need to kind of fetch the information that we're getting right here
to I'm going to go just go back and return some geas GSX so we can clear that our message because I
don't really like it going to say list whatever.
That's fine.
So we get a list.
So we're going to go to home.
And what we need to do we need to fetch from the API the list of artists and whenever we get the lists
the Jason the data we need to store it on the stage is set in your state for artists and then we can
have passed this new state as a prop to the child components.
Now whenever we just render this component the home component is going to go right here.
It's going to set up the state and then it's going to render these child components these components.
Then after this is rendered we're going to do the fetch for the API request.
And once it's done it's going to have the days the state and it's going to render all the information.
But this time we can have some artists OK let's create the app to fetch requests are going to go right
here and whenever we want to trigger something after this component it's mounted.
We use a lifecycle lifecycle method.
They react lifecycle.
So we're going to say component did münze you know the component will mount is the one that it's before
the render and this one is the one that it's after the render.
So I'm going to go right here.
We're going to do a fetch right now.
So what I'm going to do I can do fetch.
And then we just open and close.
Now the you are l is going to be stored in your artists.
So I'm going to go right here and just paste it right there.
Then we need to specify the method for this.
So I'm going to say coma and then open and close the race is just going to make one space and then we
just select the method.
The method is going to be get right.
Are not posting anything.
Now with Fadge whenever you get the information that you're fetching you need to convert everything
you need to convert the response to Jason.
You need to graph the Jason from that request from that response.
So I'm going to say then and then just open and close and grab the response and the response is going
to be converted to Jason responds Jason and then it's a function.
So we open it close parenthesis.
Now after this is done we want access to them Jason.
So I'm going to say Dot and then I'm going to open and close again and I'm going to grab that Jason
that we just created.
Now this one is going to be equal and forward.
I'm sorry.
It's right pointing arrow.
And we can it run a function whenever we get this as a callback.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to console log the list of the list that we're getting
the Jason.
All right.
So if I just go to the consul and check right here on the on the console log you know the first time
that the application it's loading we're getting nothing.
You know it's just doing all of the logic and returning nothing.
The next time we get the data we get the it becomes a lock of the Jayson.
So now we have access to that data right here.
So what we need to do we need to grab this Jason and set the artist's state.
So we're going to just delete this and I'm going to say this dot and what we do to said state is going
to be set straight.
We open it close and we just make reference of what we want to update which state we want to update
since we want to update artists going to say artists that can and we can get.
Jason.
OK.
That's good.
So now you get it you're going to be going to get nothing.
This empty object is going to be from artists list.
We are cons. A lot of the props.
The thing is that whenever we call this a component by component we are not passing any props but they're
going to do it right now.
I'm going to go right here and create a prop for this.
Can say all.
And then artists.
Right.
And this one is going to be equal to whatever state we have inside artists.
The first time is going to be empty.
But the second time you can have a state with all the artists.
So going to say this doesn't state dance artists right.
It's going to take a few second and look at right here inside artists list.
We are passing props through all artists.
So right here props when we reach this section the first time the page loads is going to be empty because
we don't have any data.
So the data comes empty.
But the second time we get all artists an array of all the artists right.
So this is working.
So now what we need to do is to grab props enter all artists and create a map for this and this array
so we can display the information on the screen.
Let's go to the next section and just do that.